I wanted to create this digital media project of the sounds that can be heard in a restaurant. More specifically, I wanted to allow the listener to feel like they were in the server's head during a busy shift. The perception of the patrons at a restaurant and the reality of the chefs and servers are so different. My soundscape is to highlight the commotion and business of a dinner shift serving at a restaurant. I do this by creating the soundscape to have three parts, setting up and the beginning of the shift, the point of the shift where everything gets very busy and loud, commencing by the sound of a plate breaking and your ears ringing, and finally, the calm end of the shift. 
I have worked in the service industry for five years, and the gap between the staff and the diners is vast. I am a student, so leaving the service industry to return to my school life, I see things that people working there full time have become used to.  I notice similarities from restaurant to restaurant. Addiction is a common underlying feature of many restaurants. Even though this may not be apparent to the wealthy and high-status patrons, it plagues restaurant workers. This can be caused by various factors, but the bottom line is that it is present. Throughout this soundscape, I want to show other people a glimpse of a server's mind. The thought process is to close the gap and for diners to see the restaurant staff as humans, too.
When creating the soundscape, I wanted a lot of raw footage and the soundscape to be very authentic. I planned to go about my normal day at work and record sound clips that I thought would flow well together while still highlighting significant moments. I gathered clips of setting up for the shift and greeting my first few tables. I had time to listen back, and all the sounds had clear audio, effectively expressing my creative vision. I am checking a table out, and I see the dining room is filling up with smoke. I quickly look over at my tables, which seem unbothered. I run into the kitchen and see the cooks arguing and flames erupting from behind the oven. The busser, David, and I run upstairs to get a few fans and open the doors to allow cross ventilation. It turns out that the new cook was not qualified enough and caused a disastrous grease fire. I did not have a lot of content and was struggling to create my story at this point which can be seen in screenshot 1. 
Fast forward to many empathetic explanations, free desserts, and kitchen clean-up, but the food was still running too late. Tables were left waiting for over an hour for their entrees, which caused angry customers and frantic owners. This left me running around trying to put out fires (physically and metaphorically) and with no time to record sounds. I collect some clips and focus on my work. The next day, I can use most of the recordings by amplifying specific areas on a sound and trimming unwanted noise. I layer many sound clips, including the background music, loops of the same sound clip, and new audio recordings, to create a chaotic and loud track that represents the sinking ship that was the restaurant that evening. This can be seen in screenshot 2. I was still lacking the story arch so that is when I decided to add a sound that signifies the server going into panic mode. This was through the plate break and ear ringing sound. This addition is seen in screenshot 3. Overall this project was to highlight the good and the bad in the service industry and shed light to what the staff deals with on a daily basis. 
