  
Throughout this soundscape project, I have learned a lot about how difficult it is to represent your envisioned project effectively. My envisioning process was simple. I wanted to capture raw moments at the restaurant that allowed listeners to feel like a fly on the wall. Even though there was an aspect of simplicity to my original design, it was much more difficult. To truly experience what I wanted to capture, I would have to record the entire night with no cuts. So, I trimmed and combined clips to highlight the hectic noises that go on.  
I wanted the shift to be portrayed as a rollercoaster going up in volume gradually until the climax, which is represented by the ear-ringing audio. This sound signifies the point of the shift that everything is done with muscle memory to remain calm and put together. To manifest a creative vision only through sounds, some additional sounds that wouldn’t normally be focused on must be added. For example, the ear ringing noise and some sounds of people talking repeating over and over. When using text or visual representation to describe and portray a feeling, many other ways exist to make the message clear to the audience. When using only sounds, much thought has to go into where each sound is placed.   
If I were to do this again, I would create a more detailed list of each sound I wanted to capture. Doing this would eliminate the issue of me hectically trying to capture sounds in an already stressful environment. My main problem when physically creating this was that my workplace was a disaster. I picked a shift that usually runs smoothly, but that was not the case. As always, the shift was unreliable, and the kitchen caught on fire. Looking back, these would have been fantastic audio clips for the project, but there were many other problems I had to fix before recording. After re-listening to my soundscape, I think it captures the chaos behind the scenes. 

